>Beginning
<Start>
You are a nameless but legendary wizard, on a quest to kill the evil wizard that destroyed your
Collge of Magic. Your memories, knowledge, and identity was wiped after the battle that destroyed your school.
so after many nights of pouring over tomes and scrolls of legends and tales, you have regained a portion of your power, and have devised
a plan to destroy this foe once and for all.

You will require three items to complete your quest:
The first, A Coat of Mithril. A costly armor, but the only armor strong enough to withstand the attacks you will undoubtably encounter.
The second, A Hat of Intelligence. An ancient relic from a time where wizards practiced freely. You have only rumors to go on. You will need this
    powerful item to outsmart your enemies.
The third, and most difficult item: The Wand of Death


<Corrupted Dungeons> Get gold to buy Mithril
First you must venture into the dungeons just south of <name of elvish town here>, there you hope to find a way into <name of elvish town here>, since
the elves that live there have been forced to close their gates to any visitors (not out of character for elves), because of the roaming bands
of orcs and goblins wreaking havoc in the area, raiding small villages and leaving nothing but ash in their wake.

Along this path you expect to snatch enough left over items from the pesky goblins ramsacking the dungeons, and trade or sell them in <Evlish Town>, so you
may purchase a Mitril Coat of Armor

<Elvish Town> Buy Mithril Coat
In <name of elvish town here> you are hoping to purchase a coat of mithril. This material is legendary for being nearly impenetrable, and you will need
it to make it anywhere near the Evil Wizard's Tower, let alone the Evil Wizard himself. While in <elvish town> you may be able to gain some insight into
the dark deeds of the evil wizard and his army.

>Middle
<Elvish Forest>
(optional, secret) The Old Hermit Nicholas - Grants wishes

<Necromancer Forest> Fight wizard minion, get Hat of Intelligence from minion
After venturing through the Raided Dungeons, and visiting the elves, you must make your way through the Necromancer's Forest. This forest was always dark,
and evil. Even the elves don't go there (or the now destroyed dungeons for that matter). There you are expecting to find one of the Evil Wizard's soldiers.

After many purchases, deals and bribes, you were able to obtain a scroll describing a once though lost Hat. This hat is the legendary Hat of Intelligence.
Ancient wizards crafted many hats like this one, but it is the only remaining hat of its kind you can find any trace of. This is the next phase of your plan,
you have heard rumors that this hat indeed exists, and is in the possesion of one of the Evil Wizard's solders, who is raising zombies, skeletons, and building
an army of goblins in the Necromancer Forest.

<Mountain's Edge> Fight way up to the giant eagle's nest, to ask for transportation to the Evil Wizard's Tower
(Surprise: You run into a small army of orcs and the wizard minions commanding them, who are guarded by a legendary dragon)
The Mountain's Edge, a more dangerous area, not because of any beast, but because of the heights and drops leading up to the Great Eagle's Nest. You must brave
harsh conditions, stellar winds and land slides, and reach the Great Eagle's Nest

<Great Eagle's Nest> Fight more wizard minions, some dragons

>End
<Evil Wizard's Tower, Bottom> Fight way up and into the lair of the Evil Wizard

<Evil Wizard's Tower, Lieutenant's Quarters> Fight the Evil Wizard's most trusted subordinate, get Wand of Death

<Evil Wizard's Tower, Evil Wizard's Quarters> Fight more minions, even stronger

<Top of Evil Wizard's Tower> Final battle, use gained experience and items to defeat the evil wizard

Plot Hole Fillers:
The evil wizard was using students' souls to perform necromancy, causing the war at the college.
